(panting)
SOU: Hurry! Call an ambulance!
Oh, Sis. No.
-(Mio panting)
-Huh?
(Sou grunting)
Ushio! Tokiko, go to the school
and get the AED!
It's on the pillar by the entrance!
SHINPEI: Sou...
-Okay.
-SOU: Hurry!
(Sou grunts)
-SHINPEI: What are...
-SOU: Come on!
-all of you doing?
-SOU: Ushio! Open your eyes!
-(Sou grunting)
-Sis, don't...
(Sou continues grunting)
-(gasps)
-SOU: Come back! Please! Come back!
Ushio!
(grunting)
What the...
(whimpers)
I didn't mean to! I'm so sorry!
SHINPEI: I'm sorry I didn't mean to!
I'm sorry, really, I...
(slaps)
HITOGASHIMA
SHINPEI: I... I'm so, so sorry!
HIZURU: Are you okay?
Huh?
Seemed like you were having a bad dream.
So how bad was that nightmare?
Uh, my dream?
(gasps)
SHINPEI: This woman...
Have... Have you ever, by any chance,
been shot before?
Huh?
Are you sure you're feeling all right?
Uh, actually, never mind.
SHINPEI: It's odd, I feel like
this woman's slapped me.
once or twice before this moment.
I feel fine, it's nothing, really.
I was dreaming about a movie.
(awkward chuckle)
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Wait, it's July 22nd?
Wait. What in the world is going on here?
SHINPEI: I went up to Hiruko shrine,
Mio came with me.
That was on the 23rd.
(inaudible)
Mio was murdered by her shadow.
No. Don't be ridiculous.
That must have been a dream.
SHINPEI: Ryunosuke Nagumo. Swampman.
A horror mystery novel set in Wakayama.
The story goes like this,
a young girl becomes paranoid
that her family and friends
have all been replaced
by evil, look-alike phantoms.
I was reading it right
before I fell asleep.
That explains the nightmare.
That's right.
(theme music)
(birds squawking)
SHINPEI: Just... Wait a second.
Take it easy.
(waves crashing)
In moments like these,
you have to see the big picture.
Just calm down.
I'm home for the first time
in two whole years,
because my friend Ushio passed away.
I don't know why it feel like...
I just did the exact same thing yesterday?
Ugh. Uh?
MIO: Hey!
-Huh?
-Welcome home, Shin-chan!
(laughs)
Hey!
SHINPEI: What is this?
-Is it deja vu?
-You have a nice trip?
-I wanna hear everything!
-SHINPEI: Is that what's happening to me?
Ah!
(yelps)
(Mio yelps)
SHINPEI: She's even wearing
the same underwear.
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Mio, use your brakes next time!
I did use my brakes.
SHINPEI: Come on.
MIO: That's really weird.
(gasps)
(tense music)
SHINPEI: Everything after that
was the same,
like watching a movie on repeat.
FUNERAL OF USHIO KOFUNE
MIO: Hi, Daddy!
Guess what? Shin-chan just got back!
SHINPEI: Everyone acted like in the dream.
Said the same things.
ALAIN: Shinpei.
(Alain sobbing)
You're so tall now.
It looks like you lost a little weight.
(somber music)
SHINPEI: This isn't deja vu
or a dream-turned-real.
It's more than that.
I am actually reliving July 22nd.
My head hurts like it's splitting in half.
My eyes are spasming.
What's happening, Ushio?
SOU: Well, here's the thing.
There was something on her neck,
ligature marks.
It's a sign
that she might have been strangled.
SHINPEI: So what really happened to you?
WOMAN 1: ...about Ushio's body?
Doctor Hishigata did a full-blown autopsy.
WOMAN 2: An autopsy?
Wow, that sounds really serious.
-(camera shutter clicks)
-Huh?
SHINPEI: That flash again.
MAN: Excuse me, who was that?
No photos allowed in here!
SHINPEI: And that's Shiori Kobayakawa.
The girl who Ushio sacrificed
her life to save.
If this is real.
If I really went back in time,
then her whole family
will disappear tomorrow.
And if the exact same thing
keeps happening...
SOU: Shinpei!
(sobbing)
So glad you finally came back!
SHINPEI: ...then it would mean
that the shadow really does exist.
(ship honks)
(birds squawking)
-(birds squawking)
-(waves crashing)
MIO: Thank you for this meal.
-SHINPEI: If you see the shadow, you die.
-Mmm.
MIO: So yummy.
SHINPEI: I wonder if Ushio was killed
by the shadow?
And Mio...
-Shinpei?
-(Shinpei gasps)
(Mio grunts softly)
Hey, you look a little pale.
SHINPEI: Sorry. I'm gonna go out
and get some fresh air.
SHINPEI: This morning, the brakes
on Mio's bike were totally ruined.
It looked like someone
must have cut them on purpose.
(gasps)
If somebody did that deliberately...
(water trickling)
...they were trying to kill Mio.
I can't...
I can't seem to see the big picture.
I'm confused.
I feel kind of sick.
TETSU: Hm? What's the...
SHINPEI: Totsumura?
What are you up to, Mio?
You're just staring at your own house?
Did you get into... a fight with someone?
SHINPEI: Mio?
What is she doing outside right now
in her school uniform?
(gasps)
-(flesh squelching)
-(Tetsu grunting)
(Tetsu groaning)
(flesh squelching)
-SHINPEI: No.
-(knife slicing)
No.
-No. No.
-(body thuds)
No.
No. No! No! No! No! No!
That's not... That's not Mio!
It's a shadow!
(tense music)
(trilling)
(static)
(growling)
What the hell is that?
A shadow?
Okay. All righty, then.
(grunts)
(zaps)
MIOH: You are now the police officer
Tetsu Totsumura.
Mm-hm.
Uh, my name is Tetsu Totsumura,
34 years old.
No girlfriend and no promotion in sight.
Mind your own business.
Mio, hey. You're looking cute as usual.
-Give me your gun.
-Uh...
What? You haven't switched places yet?
MIOH: I missed my chance this morning.
It would have been a lot easier to do it
if she was in the hospital.
(scoffs) Seems unlike you to go
through all that trouble. Mm.
SHADOW TETSU: Okay.
Go take care of it right now.
You've got a gun.
MIOH: But a gunshot
on a quiet night like this
would draw too much attention.
This isn't America after all.
Fair enough.
I'm just checking things out,
for right now.
(Shinpei quivering)
(gasps)
SHINPEI: No, this can't be.
Is this really happening!?
-(cell phone buzzes)
-(gasps)
My phone.
It's Sou! Not now!
(gasps)
Oh, shit.
(groaning)
(flesh squelching)
This is where you were hiding, Shin-chan.
(gagging)
Know what you get for eavesdropping
around here, Shinpei?
-You get the death penalty.
-(Shinpei groaning)
Do you wanna copy him, too?
(Shinpei coughing)
Not him. Not now.
SHINPEI: Is this my blood?
So thick and red. Oh, I must be dying.
(Shinpei exhales heavily)
I can finally see the big picture.
Huh?
What's going on?
USHIO: Shinpei.
Who is that?
USHIO: Just be careful.
Make sure...
(voice breaking)
-...always...
-SHINPEI: What?
I can't hear you!
USHIO: ...see...
(grunts)
Take care of Mio. Please look after her.
(gasps)
(panting)
(gulps)
SHINPEI: Somehow, I'm back again.
(groaning)
(cicadas chirping)
Did I die? Am I dead?
(groaning)
I don't know why I came back.
-(gasps)
-MIO: Hey!
(panting)
Welcome home, Shin-chan!
(laughs)
Hey!
SHINPEI: Try to think of the big picture.
You heard what she said.
-It was Ushio's voice.
-Uh...
SHINPEI: She asked me to do something.
-Take care of Mio.
-(Mio screams)
-SHINPEI: Look after her.
-I can't stop! I can't stop!
-(Mio whimpering)
-Leave it to me!
(screams)
-What do I do?
-(groans)
SHINPEI: Oh! Crap!
Shin-chan!
SHINPEI: Oh, no. I really can't swim.
(Mio panting)
Shin-chan, just breathe!
Mio... Are you okay?
Uh-huh.
MIO: Thank you, Shin-chan.
RECORDING
HIZURU: It's me.
It's July 22nd at 1:02 p. m.
I've been in Hitogashima
for 1 hour and 37 minutes.
I ate narezushi
right before I board the ship.
It's a traditional dish
made by pickling mackerel with salt
instead of vinegar,
and fermenting it for over a month.
It's just exquisite.
You have to try it
when you come to Wakayama.
Wonder if you'd like it.
Oh, by the way, you asked me once
why I like to hang upside down sometimes.
It's pretty simple. When the blood rushes
to my head, it helps me think clearly.
(grunts)
You should definitely give it a try.
You never know, it might finally clear up
that clouded brain of yours.
Everything else is in the report.
Oh man, they're everywhere.
You're kidding me.
For now, I'll just observe. That's all.
(phone rings)
GAME PLAYBOY
TETSU: Hi, ally of justice here.
Huh? What'd you say?
TETSU: Did you say a brawl?
SHINPEI: Yes.
TETSU: Hang on, is this Shinpei?
-SHINPEI: Uh, yeah.
-TETSU: Are you okay?
-Yeah. It's by all the shops.
-By all the shops?
-Pretty sure it's a bar fight.
-Oh, so, at the bar?
Please come right away.
(sighs)
SHINPEI: Try to see
the bird's-eye-view right now.
I just have to survive today.
SHINPEI: Think I'll get in trouble?
That fake report should help
keep Totsumura away from here for now.
I bet he'd be pretty pissed
if he knew it was fake,
but the important thing
is that he's safe, right, Ushio?
SHINPEI: As for Sou,
I texted and told him
that I would call him tomorrow.
Also, I should delete unused apps
and photos.
There we go. Now I have a full seven gigs
of storage to spare.
Should be plenty of space
to record videos.
Time to silence incoming calls,
airplane mode.
Charge it up.
I should connect my mobile battery, too.
Thankfully, I know what time
it will come around.
Start recording.
If I can film Mio's shadow,
then I'll have proof.
And I... I'll make sure
I don't go outside,
no matter how sick I feel.
Then I'll be okay.
I wasn't killed on the 22nd,
not the first time around.
(gasps)
My right eye is a different color.
Since when?
(groans)
(water trickling)
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Mio is in there, right?
Mio...
(water trickling)
(shaky breathing)
Mio!
Huh?
(screams)
(groans)
MIO: Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew!
-SHINPEI: Think about the big picture.
-MIO: Ew! You big pervert!
What were you looking at, Shin-chan?
SHINPEI: Mio is safe. Good!
What are you doing?
(burbles)
SHINPEI: Perfect.
I definitely got it on video.
JULY 23
Huh?
Good morning. Hi, Shin-chan.
Mio. Can I talk to you?
Huh?
SHINPEI: It showed up
in front of our house last night.
-(Mio gasps)
-Right around nine o'clock.
It was looking upstairs, for five minutes,
then it walked off into the mountains.
(gasps)
MIO: Who is... I... Is this...
Uh... Is this me?
No, it's not. You were taking a bath
when I saw it outside.
SHINPEI: Uh, I think
they call it a shadow.
(gasps)
Listen, Mio, you've heard
of the shadow sickness.
It came 'cause it wanted...
-to kill you.
-(Mio gasps)
MIO: I... I came to...
I came to... kill myself?
Zoom in. On the hand. Take a look.
(gasps)
MIO: It can't be.
The shadow sickness wasn't a superstition.
I knew it wasn't.
Ushio saw a shadow, too, didn't she?
-(gasps)
-Three days before she died.
MIO: Right. I guess Sis must have said
something to you about the shadow, right?
SHINPEI: Hm? Well, I actually heard
about the shadow from you.
And I saw it with my own eyes.
I saw your shadow yesterday.
(Shinpei groans)
Hey, Shin-chan.
I think Sis... Sis might have been
killed by a shadow.
(closing theme music)